h1. Radiant CMS Portfolio Management Tool

A straight-forward project management gallery originally designed for creative agencies to display their work on a Radiant CMS-based website. 

h1. Features

* Allows you to create a portfolio gallery in Radiant and display on a page.
* In addition to naming the project, providing a url, and main description, the tool also allows you to upload supporting images of the project complete with drag-and-drop order sorting.
* Projects can be tagged to categorize them on the front-end display.
* Front-end display includes Previous/Next functionality to navigate between projects.
* Image gallery is pulled-in to the Flash via and XML file produced in the image.rxml view in app/view/projects.
* Included is index.rxml to provide an xml feed of all project data in the database if you need it.

h1. Requirements

<p>*Radiant Extensions*
Shared-Layout, "http://github.com/radiant/radiant-share-layouts-extension":http://github.com/radiant/radiant-share-layouts-extension</p>

<p>*Imagemagick*<br />
"http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php":http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php</p>

<p>*SWFObject*<br />
"http://blog.deconcept.com/swfobject":http://blog.deconcept.com/swfobject</p>

<p>*Gems/Plugins*<br /> 
Paperclip, "http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip</p>
Rmagick, "http://rmagick.rubyforge.org":http://rmagick.rubyforge.org

h1. How to Install

Grab the extensions from GitHub and place it in vendor/extensions
<pre><code>
  git clone git@github.com:scullygroup/radiant-portfolio.git vendor/extensions/portfolio
</code></pre>

Run the following commands:
<pre><code>
  rake radiant:extensions:portfolio:migrate
  rake radiant:extensions:portfolio:update
</code></pre>

h1. Notes

This extension uses Sean Cribbs excellent radiant-share-layouts-extension (http://github.com/radiant/radiant-share-layouts-extension).

The project show view is wrapped in a block like so: 
<pre><code><% content_for :project_body do %></code></pre>

In order to invoke the view on a Radiant page, create a layout called "Project" and insert the following radial tags wherever you want the gallery to appear: 
<pre><code>
  <h2><r:content part="p_company"/></h2>
  <p><strong><r:content part="p_title"/></strong></p>
  <div id="thumb"><r:content part="p_thumb" /></div>
  <p><r:content part="p_body"/></p>
  <div id="images"><r:content part="p_images"/></div>
</code></pre>

You can, of course, style these however you wish, but this will pull all database fields for the portfolio project.

A particular project is viewed using a RESTful URL (e.g. http://www.mydomain.com/project/:id).  Previous/Next links are also displayed in order to navigate between projects.